# Simulation-Model-Simplification
The simulation model simplification is the exercise carried out to simply the models by removing the redundant subcomponents from the detailed model. It is usually performed using the following approaches: abstraction, scaling, and deletion. 
Abstraction refers to identifying the system irrelevant for the current analysis and subsituting them by random variables representing the length of stay in the removed system. Abstraction is useful when the system analysis is concerned with the performance metrics of a particular system and overall time spent in the system by an arriving entity. For example, if an analysts wants to conduct sensitivity analysis for a bank cashier and is also interested in the time spent by an arriving customer in the bank. Then all the subsystems downstream to cashier are irrelevant and can be subsituted by a random variable corresponding to the average time in the system. 
The code provided here is for the abstraction approach, where the length of stay in the redundant system is to be used as input parameter to the abstraction function. The function then performs curve fitting and gives output highlighting the best fitting distribution based on the SSE and p-value. Also, it prints out the code (for Salabim package) that subsitutes the redundant systems in the detailed model along with the requisite distribution parameters.
Also, in case none of the distributions provide acceptable fit, then non-parameteric functions can be used. 
